### Coding comparisons with Python 3.6 and JavaScript 5 and 6

#### Factorials
Return the factorial of the provided integer.
For example, factorial 5 is written: 
5! = 1 * 2 * 3 * 4 * 5 = 120

<hr>

##### Python 3.6 example

The first step in this challenge is to generate the sequence of numbers up to the integer parameter. Python comes with a range() function to generate numbers starting at arg1 up to arg2 with a step option as arg3 that defaults to 1 step (i.e. 1,2,3,4,etc).  Range's arg1 defaults to 0 but because all factorials will start with 1, I indicate 1 up to arg2 + 1.  I have to add 1 to arg2 because it excludes the number written for arg2 (i.e. range(1, 5) returns 1,2,3,4).

I make a _for_ loop with range() and also initialize the variable _factorial_ to equal 1 (it will also hold the changing factorial value as the loop runs).  

The loop takes the value of _factorial_ and multiplies it by the next number generated by the range() function. If we call the function with 5 as the argument then in slow motion it plays out like this: 
factorial = 1 * 1, factorial = 1 * 2, factorial = 2 * 3, factorial = 6 * 4, factorial = 24 * 5

The first integer represents _variable_ and the second integer represents the number generated by range().  The last equation is factorial = 24 * 5 = 120.  Factorial 5 is 120.


```python
def factorialize(num: int) -> int:
    """
    Return the factorial of an integer argument
    :param num: int
    :return: int
    """
    factorial = 1

    for n in range(1, num+1):
        factorial *= n
    return factorial
    
factorialize(5) 
# returns 120    
```

The function written in JavaScript uses the same logic but generates a number range by incrementing a counter (initialized at 1) up to the parameter _num_

##### JavaScript 5 example
```javascript
function factorialize(num) {
  var factorial = 1;
  
  // Make factorial using incrementing index 
  for (var i = 1; i <= num; i++) {
    factorial *= i; 
  }

   return factorial;
}

factorialize(5);
```

ES6 simply changes some syntax by replacing the function declaration with a function expression and removing the optional parens around the parameter.

##### JavaScript 6 example
```javascript
const factorialize = num => {
  let factorial = 1;
  
  // Make factorial using incrementing index 
  for (let i = 1; i <= num; i++) {
    factorial *= i; 
  }

   return factorial;
}

factorialize(5);
```

